Update first-steps.md (#11)
agardnerIT/thekindkeptn: first-steps.md

# First Steps After Installation

Head to the [Keptn Bridge](http://localhost/bridge), which is the UI from which you can observe and manage what Keptn executes.

You should understand a bit of Keptn terminology:

> * Each `stage` contains one or more `sequences`, each of which corresponds to a step required to accomplish the objective.

Author: ```suggestion
* Each Keptn project contains one or more stages, each of which corresponds to an environment, such as development or production.
+ Each stage contains one or more sequences, each of which corresponds to major objective, such as delivery of an artifact or a rollback action.
```

> * A sequence is a list of `tasks` to be executed sequentially.

Author: ```suggestion
* A sequence is a list of tasks to be executed sequentially.
Most tasks describe a piece of work accomplished by the external tools you have configured,
such as evaluation or approval.
```

# First Steps After Installation

Head to the [Keptn Bridge](http://localhost/bridge), which is the UI from which you can observe and manage what Keptn executes.

You should understand a bit of Keptn terminology:

> * Each Keptn project contains one or more `stages`, each of which corresponds to a major objective, such as delivery, remediation.

Reviewer: * Each Keptn project contains one or more `stages`, each of which corresponds to an environment, such as development or production.
* Each `stage` contains one or more `sequences`, each of which corresponds to major objective, such as delivery of an artifact or a rollback action.
* A sequence is a list of `tasks` to be executed sequentially.
  Most `tasks` describe a piece of work accomplished by the external tools you have configured,
  such as `evaluation` or `approval`.
* Stage, sequence and task names are arbitrary; you can can create your own. However Keptn ships with microservices preconfigured to listen for some task events. For example, the [lighthouse service](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/tree/master/lighthouse-service) listens for the `evaluation` task and executes quality evaluations.
* Keptn is unopinionated about how a task is actioned. You are free to adjust the default setup which, in effect, means bringing your own tools. You will see this as you follow this tutorial.

Author: Love it!  This is starting to read like an exercise that one could actually learn from!

> * Each Keptn project contains one or more `stages`, each of which corresponds to a major objective, such as delivery, remediation.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> * Each Keptn project contains one or more `stages`, each of which corresponds to a major objective, such as delivery, remediation.

Author: ```suggestion
* Each Keptn project contains one or more stages, each of which corresponds to an environment, such as development or production.
```
